Allow securityContext and podSecurityContext to be configurable via helm parameters (#5084)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/installation/installing-nic/installation-with-helm.md

| **controller.volumeMounts** | The volumeMounts of the Ingress Controller pods. | [] |
| **controller.initContainers** | InitContainers for the Ingress Controller pods. | [] |
| **controller.extraContainers** | Extra (eg. sidecar) containers for the Ingress Controller pods. | [] |
| **controller.podSecurityContext**| The SecurityContext for Ingress Controller pods. | "seccompProfile": {"type": "RuntimeDefault"} |
| **controller.containerSecurityContext** | The SecurityContext for Ingress Controller container. | {} |
| **controller.initContainerSecurityContext** | The SecurityContext for Ingress Controller init container when `controller.readOnlyRootFilesystem` is set to `true`. | {} |
| **controller.resources** | The resources of the Ingress Controller pods. | requests: cpu=100m,memory=128Mi |

> | **controller.initContainerResources** | The resources of the init container which is used when `controller.readOnlyRootFilesystem` is set to `true`. | requests: cpu=100m,memory=128Mi |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **controller.initContainerResources** | The resources of the init container which is used when `readOnlyRootFilesystem` is enabled by setting `controller.securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem` or `controller.readOnlyRootFilesystem`to `true`. | requests: cpu=100m,memory=128Mi |
```

Author: `{{- if .Values.controller.initContainerResources }}` is nested under `- if .Values.controller.readOnlyRootFilesystem` :
```
{{- if .Values.controller.readOnlyRootFilesystem }}
      - name: init-{{ include "nginx-ingress.name" . }}
        image: {{ include "nginx-ingress.image" . }}
        imagePullPolicy: "{{ .Values.controller.image.pullPolicy }}"
        command: ['cp', '-vdR', '/etc/nginx/.', '/mnt/etc']
{{- if .Values.controller.initContainerResources }}
        resources:
{{ toYaml .Values.controller.initContainerResources | indent 10 }}
```
